DATAMODEL FOR ARIS-1 (Archival Regional Information System - version 1)

Datamodel was developed through the archival practice in years 1997-2023 while working as archivist in the Regional Archive of Koper. Used database engines: MS Access, MySQL. In the period 1997-2008 it was first used in MS Access applications for archival description and later for client-server application ARIS (used MySQL for the server-side database and MS Access for the client-side app).
In years 2008-2009 we developed web application ARIS based on the same datamodel which is in production use from 2010 till now (2024). Web app was made by Kristian Umek from the Mediasoft company. 
Here I give free use to my development applications built in MS Access and VFront environment (PHP + MySQL). If you want to use VFront, then you must first install MySQL or MariaDB and create there both databases pak_606 and lportal_606_pak. Then you should install VFront web development environment and connect it to the databases. VFront will automaticali create its own databases with "_vfront" at the end of db name. If you want to use already developed forms, then just import here presented databases "lportal_606_pak_with_data.sql" and "pak_606_with_data.sql".
Please read the LICENCE file first. This datamodel is licenced under the AGPL 3.0. This means that if you use this data model as it is, you can use it for free and as opensource but also your further improvements and apps built on this datamodel must remain free and open source too. LET THIS WORK REMAIN FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ARCHIVAL PROFESSION.
